SECRET HITLER EXPANDED RULESET

Roles:

Liberal - They are based off of the liberal coalitions in Germany. Their goal is to either fill up their board or to kill Hitler. Other ways of victory will be explained by other roles. 
Liberal Spy - They are based off of the rampant espionage inside of Germany. This role can see the fascists, and is a fascist, but they have a liberal party membership.
Fascist Spy - They are based off of the rampant espionage inside of Germany. This role can see the fascists, and is a liberal, but they have a fascist membership. 
Centrist - They are based off of the Zentrum party in Germany. Their goal is to either kill Hitler when equal number of fascists and liberals are placed, or if 5 fascist policies are enacted when liberals attain 5 policies on their board. 
Radical Centrist - They are based off of the conservative-Zentrum Ists who compromise their beliefs in order to support Hitler. They can only win if the same number of fascist and liberal policies are enacted when fascists win. 
Jester - The Jester represents all of the fanatics in Germany who did jack shit and got killed. Their goal is to die before liberals win.
Fascist - They are based off of the National-Socialist Party of Germany. They can only win if they elect Hitler as chancellor after 3 fascist policies have been placed or if 6 fascists are enacted. Other win conditions will be specified.
Hitler - He is the man of the game, the fuhrer of Nazi Germany. His goal is to win with the fascist win conditions, except, he can be elected chancellor himself in order to win the game. 
Communist - They are based off of the SPD and KPD of Germany. They were the third largest party and participated in a General Council. Their goal is to complete the communist board or to kill Hitler. Other win conditions will be specified.
Socialite - They represent the moderate members of the SPD. Multiple of them were unsure of how to take on Hitler’s reign. Some went fascist, some went centrist, others went communist, and many of them became liberalists. The Socialite starts out as a Liberal with a Liberal Membership, but can be converted via event. 

In-Game Positions:

President - The President always moves to the left unless specified not to. The President draws both the event card and the top three policies. He discards one of the policies. He then hands that other policy to the chancellor. The president may also get presidential powers that will be specified in-game.
Chancellor - The Chancellor is chosen by the President. He takes the two policies that are handed to him and discards one and enacts the remaining one. Hitler can win if he is chancellor and at least 3 fascist policies are enacted. 
General Council - This is only if communists are present. The General Council meets once every 1 or 2 turns. It consists of all communists, who enact the top policy of the red deck or discuss the power bestowed by the enactment. Every session prompts the drawing of a red event. 

Policies:

Fascist - Fascist Policies can be placed on the fascist board via event, anarchist track or electoral enactment.
Liberal - Liberal Policies can be placed on the liberal board via event or electoral enactment.
Communist - Communist policies can be placed on the communist board via red event, General Council enactment, or by special rules. 
Anarchist - Anarchist policies can only be obtained via General Council enactment and only affect the anarchist track which placed a fascist policy upon completion. 

Parties:

Liberal - Liberal Party Membership declares a player as part of the Liberal party but not necessarily a liberal.
Fascist - Fascist Party Membership declares a player as part of the Fascist party but not necessarily a fascist.
Communist - Communist Party Membership confirms a player as Communist
Centrist - Centrist Party Membership confirms a player as Centrist but doesn’t specify the political leanings of that Centrist.

Elections:

Elections occur every time a player is given the position of President.
The President must choose a Chancellor to be on his ticket for an election.
All players must vote on whether or not the persons should be in power with either a Ja!(yes) Or Nein(no).
If the election passes, the President must draw an event card, and then draw three policy cards if he is still obligated to do so.
If the election fails (draws are fails) the presidency moves to the left for another election.
If the election fails three times, the top policy card is enacted. Additionally, if communists are in play, they must meet in a General Council. 
Players also have the ability to veto policies if the fascist board has 5 policies enacted. 

Event Cards:

 Wilhelm Ropke

Red Event Cards:




In Game Events:




Powers:




Rules:




Win Conditions:




Special-Case Scenarios and Loopholes:




Player Roles Depending on Game Size:
(FASCISTS ALWAYS REQUIRE HITLER, HE IS INCLUDED IN THE FASCISTS)

5 players: 
3 Liberal, 2 Fascist
2 Liberal, 2 Fascist, 1 Centrist
2 Liberal, 2 Fascist, 1 Jester
6 players:
2 Liberal, 2 Fascist, 1 Centrist, 1 Jester
2 Liberal, 2 Fascist, 1 Centrist, 1 Radical Centrist
2 Liberal, 2 Fascist, 1 Liberal Spy, 1 Fascist Spy
2 Liberal, 2 Fascist, 1 Jester, 1 Radical Centrist
3 Liberal, 2 Fascist, 1 Centrist
3 Liberal, 2 Fascist, 1 Jester
7 players:
4 Liberal, 3 Fascist
3 Liberal, 3 Fascist, 1 Centrist
3 Liberal, 3 Fascist, 1 Jester
8 players:
5 Liberal, 3 Fascist
4 Liberal, 3 Fascist, 1 Centrist
4 Liberal, 3 Fascist, 1 Jester
3 Liberal, 3 Fascist, 1 Fascist Spy, 1 Liberal Spy
3 Liberal, 3 Fascist, 1 Centrist, 1 Radical Centrist
3 Liberal, 3 Fascist, 1 Centrist, 1 Jester
3 Liberal, 3 Fascist, 1 Jester, 1 Radical Centrist
9 players:
5 Liberal, 4 Fascist
4 Liberal, 4 Fascist, 1 Centrist
4 Liberal, 4 Fascist, 1 Jester
4 Liberal, 3 Fascist, 1 Centrist, 1 Radical Centrist
10 players:
6 Liberal, 4 Fascist
5 Liberal, 4 Fascist, 1 Centrist
5 Liberal, 4 Fascist, 1 Jester
5 Liberal, 4 Fascist, 1 Fascist Spy, 1 Liberal Spy
4 Liberal, 4 Fascist, 1 Centrist, 1 Radical Centrist
4 Liberal, 4 Fascist, 1 Centrist, 1 Jester
4 Liberal, 4 Fascist, 1 Jester, 1 Radical Centrist
4 Liberal, 3 Fascist, 1 Jester, 1 Radical Centrist, 1 Centrist
3 Liberal, 2 Fascist, 1 Jester, 1 Radical Centrist, 1 Centrist, 1 Fascist Spy, 1 Liberal Spy
11 players:
5 Liberal, 4 Fascist, 1 Centrist, 1 Radical Centrist
5 Liberal, 4 Fascist, 1 Jester, 1 Radical Centrist
4 Liberal, 4 Fascist, 1 Jester, 1 Radical Centrist, 1 Centrist
12 players:
5 Liberal, 5 Fascist, 2 Communist
4 Liberal, 4 Fascist, 2 Communist, 1 Liberal Spy, 1 Fascist Spy
5 Liberal, 4 Fascist, 2 Communist, 1 Radical Centrist
5 Liberal, 4 Fascist, 2 Communist, 1 Centrist
5 Liberal, 4 Fascist, 2 Communist, 1 Jester
4 Liberal, 3 Fascist, 2 Communist, 1 Centrist, 1 Radical Centrist, 1 Jester
3 Liberal, 2 Fascist, 2 Communist, 1 Centrist, 1 Radical Centrist, 1 Jester, 1 Fascist Spy, 1 Liberal Spy
13 players:
14 players:
15 players:
16 players:
17 players:

